Hello everyone! Today I will teach you to make a very simple chocolate cake.
Only need two materials: eggs and chocolate blocks
One day I was looking for a cake pan but went to see the chocolate cake.
I believe you know that this will happen.
After that I saw a lot of blogs and recipes about this chocolate cake with only two materials.
I feel very curious
So I tried to make a cake that was delicious!
I hope you can try it out too.
As you can see, you only need to use eggs and chocolate.
Separate the egg yolk and protein into the large bowl
Put the protein in the refrigerator for use
Preheat the oven to 170C (325F)
"It will warm up in 6 minutes"
Put the chocolate in a large bowl
Chocolate is dissolved in hot water
At the same time, use a blender to beat a few proteins to the body.
It’s thick enough to turn the bowl back on the protein.
Stir the chocolate until it slides
After the chocolate is cooled, add three egg yolks and stir with an egg beater.
Add one-third of the protein to the chocolate syrup and stir with a whisk
Then add the remaining protein to the chocolate syrup twice and stir with a spatula
Put the oven paper into the cake pan
Pour the batter into the dish
Tap the plate gently on the table to shake the air a few times
Put in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes
"Please put in the baking tray"
Allow to cool after baking until you can touch it with your hand
Then put the cake on the wire rack until it is completely cooled
If you like, you can sprinkle with icing
Finished: D
Thank you for watching, I hope you like this teaching.
The material is very simple to calculate the amount of calories is also very easy
1/6, calorie: 200Kcal
In fact, I swept my own fruit brandy on the cake.
Super delicious